# CUB200

resnet

after 40 epochs training get acc 67.3% on test set
after 60 epochs training get acc 70.6% on test set
after 80 epochs training get acc 73.7% on test set
after 100 epochs training get acc 74.0% on test set
after 120 epochs training get acc 71.3% on test set

skeleton

after 8 epochs training get acc 52.9% on test set
after 10 epochs training get acc 55.7% on test set
after 12 epochs training get acc 58.3% on test set
after 14 epochs training get acc 59.5% on test set
after 16 epochs training get acc 58.0% on test set
after 18 epochs training get acc 60.9% on test set

early skeleton

after 14 epochs training get acc 61.5% on test set
after 16 epochs training get acc 61.4% on test set
after 18 epochs training get acc 63.4% on test set
after 20 epochs training get acc 65.2% on test set
after 20 epochs training get acc 60.0% on test set
after 22 epochs training get acc 65.2% on test set
after 23 epochs training get acc 64.8% on test set
after 24 epochs training get acc 69.2% on test set *
after 25 epochs training get acc 64.4% on test set
after 26 epochs training get acc 65.6% on test set
after 28 epochs training get acc 61.2% on test set
after 30 epochs training get acc 67.4% on test set
after 31 epochs training get acc 65.4% on test set
after 32 epochs training get acc 68.6% on test set
after 33 epochs training get acc 68.1% on test set
after 34 epochs training get acc 64.7% on test set
after 36 epochs training get acc 67.0% on test set
after 38 epochs training get acc 63.5% on test set
after 40 epochs training get acc 65.7% on test set
after 42 epochs training get acc 66.9% on test set
after 44 epochs training get acc 66.7% on test set
after 50 epochs training get acc 65.8% on test set
after 55 epochs training get acc 66.8% on test set


